Hi,I have developed a rails web application called 'model_testing'.

My app model_testing has the following Constraints defined

      1) Constarints on the Artice table.
          * The title should not be less than two characters.
          * The description should not be less that five characters.
          * The user_id should always be present.

      2) Constraints on the User table.
          * The username should be unique regardless of the cases.
          * The email should be according to the following regular expression.'/\A[\w+\-.]+@[a-z\d\-.]+\.[a-z]+\z/i'.
  ->I pushed my application to github and heroku.


How did I design this application:Following are the steps that I followed to design my application.
    1)Ruby version:My ruby version is 2.5.1

    2)Rails version:My rails version is 5.2.2

    3)bundle install:Whenever you include a new gem inside your Gemfile,you have to excute the "bundle install" command.It will install the specified gems.

    4)rails server: You can check the working of your application by running your rails server.The command for running the rails server is "rails s".


    2)configuration:Database Config is defined in /config/database.yml file. I have used sqlite3 adapter.But you can use any adaptors like mysql and postgres.
        -> When you use postgres as the adopter,remove sqlite3 from the Gemfile and add postgres in the production method as following.
           group : production do
              gem 'pg'
           end




    3)Database creation:In my application,there are two tables.
        ->My application has two tables Article and User.
        ->There is an one to many association between the Article and the User,which means one user can write many articles and one article belongs to only one user.
        -> For creating the articles table, I executed the following command.
             * "rails generate migration create_articles title:string description:text",which genarates information about the articles table.


        -> Similarly for creating the users database,the following command is used.
             * "rails genarate migration create_users username:string email:string",which generates information about the users table.
        ->One to many association can be established as following.
             * "has_many :articles" in the User model.
             * "belongs_to :user" in the Article model.
        ->Once you create a model of your table,rails provides you the getters and setters of the attributes.
        ->You can use rails console for inserting data into the tables as following.Let us say that i want to insert some data into Article table.For that,I have to do
              * rails console
              * Article.create(title:"my_article",description:"This is my first article")
        ->Similarly,you can edit and delete the data by using rails console. 




    4)Database initialization:
             -> For initializing the tables,I executed the following commands.
                  *  "rake db:migrate",which creates my articles table based on the information generated by the previous command.
                  *  "rake db:migrate",which creates my users table based on the information generated by the previous command.



    5)Deployment instructions:Deployment is basically making your application available to others so that they can access it and understand it.
        ->Instructions for pushing your application to github.
             * First of all,set up a github account.
             * configure the gthub account by using the following commands."git config --global username 'my user name'" and "git config --global email 'my email'".
             * Initialize the git account."git init".
             * do "git add -A"
             * commit the changes by using "git commit -m "whatever the changes you have made"".
             * Generate the ssh key by the following command."cat ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub"
             * Copy the generated ssh key and paste it in your profile's ssh key field.
             * create a new repository.
             * copy and paste the url of the  new repository which will be like   "git remote add origin git@github.com:{github_repository}",into the command line.
             * push the applicaion to github by using "git push origin master".Here 'origin' is the name of my repository and 'master' is the branch.

        ->Instructions for pushing your application to heroku.
             * Set up a heroku account.
             * log in to your account by using "heroku login".
             * Heroku doesn't support sqlite3.So cut sqlite3 from the Gemfiel and paste in the development.
             * Add production method to the Gemfile and include the gem 'pg' in that.
             * Then do 'heroku create'.This command will create a random application.
             * Add the ssh key to your application by executing "heroku keys:add".
             * Push your application to heroku by executing "git push heroku master".
             * You can test your application by using the deployed link.
